[creaking]
[clicking]
[theme music playing]
WOO YOUNG-WOO
[clinks]
[whale calls]
[train rumbles]
[beeping]
[clacking]
[vehicles approaching]
[distant barking]
[machine whirring]
[dog barking]
[clanks]
-Brother.
-[Dong-sam] Oh, wow!
What brings you all the way to Ganghwa-do?
Good to see you.
Let's talk inside.
Let's go.
[door slides open]
I'll let you host Dong-sam's brothers.
I'll be back in a bit.
Sure, take a break.
And I'll call you later.
-[door slides close]
-The brothers are finally reunited, heh.
GIFT CONTRACT
What's this about?
It outlines the compensation.
We have to do this properly.
It's all right here.
The rice farm deed is in your name.
But the compensation is a different story.
Oh, I couldn't agree with you more.
I wouldn't have done that to you guys.
Mm-hmm.
[Dong-sam] The rice farm
belonged to our father.
I agree with you.
We split it up into three equal shares.
[exhales]
We're gonna split it like this.
Fifty, 30, and 20 percent by birth order.
What do you think, Dong-i?
Fine by me. The eldest should get more.
He takes care of our parents' memorial.
[Dong-il] I'm not being greedy.
There are laws about this.
It all falls under inheritance law.
It's all really straightforward.
The eldest gets the most,
then the second-born.
And the youngest gets the least.
That's what the law says?
What? You don't trust me?
No, I do, uh…
I had a professional attorney
who looked into all of this already.
[spectacles clink]
GIFT CONTRACT
[sucks teeth]
Let's talk about it all
once I've had time to think about it.
[chuckles]
Think about what?
What is there to think about?
You wanna find a backwoods attorney
and get their opinion?
[Dong-il] Or you wanna talk
to Jin-hyeok, the head of the village?
I see. You have no clue about this.
You spent your whole life farming,
whereas he ran his own company.
[Dong-i] And I have held
executive positions.
We've analyzed the situation.
This is the best path forward.
Let's do it the right way.
[conflicting music playing]
[inhales deeply]
Let's not waste any more time.
Now, just stamp the papers.
It's what Dad would have wanted, right?
Get the seal.
Hurry up.
-[drawer opens]
-[objects clattering]
[drawer closes]
[clicks]
[ink stamp clinks open]
-Where…
-Oh, uh, right here.
[rustles]
GIVER: DONG DONG-SAM
RECIPIENT: DONG DONG-IL, DONG DONG-I
CASE 4
THE STRIFE OF THE THREE BROTHERS
[phone ringing]
-[Su-yeon sighs]
-[footsteps]
Attorney Woo didn't come in again today?
[Su-yeon] I guess not.
[sighs]
-[door closes]
-[exhales]
[somber music playing]
[deep sigh]
LETTER OF RESIGNATION
RESIGNING PARTY: WOO YOUNG-WOO
[Gwang-ho] Here you go.
One second.
[cashier scratching]
-[Gwang-ho] Ah!
-[receipt rips]
-Please enjoy.
-[woman] Have a good day.
Yeah, you too.
[sighs]
[running footsteps]
[snickers]
Young-woo, your friend's coming.
[deep exhale]
♪ Woo to the Young to the Woo ♪
♪ Dong to the Geu to the Ra-mi ♪
[both in unison]
Ha!
Geu-ra-mi, you want some breakfast?
I'll make you gimbap, if you want.
The pork belly ones.
-No, you'll have the plain one.
-Fine.
You're up early today.
It's not even noon. What's going on?
Well, my dad is driving me crazy.
Uh, my uncles tricked him,
and now my parents have no more money!
They made him sign some papers!
"Some papers"?
Mm. To split with my uncles
the money he'll get as land compensation.
Wait, so your father's supposed
to get a land compensation?
Is it for his rice farm up in Ganghwa-do?
Yeah. It's quite big, you know.
It belonged to my grandfather.
And when he died, all that land
went to my dad. It was in his will.
Now, they're planning
a new urban project
and the government's giving
a compensation.
What was the offer?
Ten billion.
That much?
Wow, that's amazing!
"That's amazing!"
You're kidding. We used to live
up there for about three years.
[sucks teeth]
I could have acquired land
in Ganghwa-do as well. Ugh, no way!
"Ugh, no way!"
However, then my uncles duped my dumb dad.
They took the cash
and left him with the taxes.
Because of the split.
Uncle Dong-il, 50 percent.
Uncle Dong-i, 30 percent.
And my dad, 20 percent.
Your uncles' names only have
one syllable? Like "Il" and "I"?
They don't. Dong-il, Dong-i, Dong-sam.
And their full names are Dong Dong-il,
Dong Dong-i, Dong Dong-sam.
And my dad's Dong Dong-sam.
-Mm-hmm.
-[snorts]
Actually, my grandfather
picked his son's names.
He didn't really put
much effort into it, am I right?
All his children got dog names.
And can you guess what
my grandpa's name was? Do you know?
-What was it?
-Dong Cruise.
[chuckles]
Like Tom Cruise.
[both laugh]
[playful music playing]
He was totally a Top Gun.
Yeah, he wasn't.
[chuckles]
Wait a second.
Why would your parents have debt?
They both made out
with 20 percent out of 10 billion,
so when all is said and done,
he gets two billion, Geu-ra-mi.
The thing is,
my super dumb dad, Dong Dong-sam,
actually agreed to pay
the taxes on the total amount.
Without knowing how much that was.
Two days ago, my dad saw
how much it was, he freaked out.
How much money is it?
Ah!
I have that right here. Mm!
Including all taxes, my dad
would end up with a debt
of like a quarter billion.
Man, that's just unbelievable, right?
From that ten billion compensation,
my uncles are taking five plus three
while my dad has to pay 2,260,000,000.
I seriously want to submit this
to expert problem solvers
from those reality shows.
[sucks teeth]
Why would he accept them, and put
a seal on such an inequitable contract?
Well, my dad thinks that my uncles
know a lot more than he does.
He's always so proud of them
because he didn't study.
He's been a farmer his whole life,
whereas his brothers
went to university in Seoul.
And they are much older as well.
Dong-il, my eldest uncle,
and my dad are 12 years apart.
That's why my dad can't speak out
when his elder brothers make a decision.
[Geu-ra-mi sighs]
And my uncles think we're just
a bunch of stupid and ignorant people
who have no clue about all that.
And they think we can't find an attorney.
So guess what I said.
That I know the best attorney.
You do?
-I know you.
-Ah!
But I'm no longer an attorney.
Huh? Wait! Why?
Yeah. Why? I've been dying to know myself.
Why in the world would you resign?
I will gladly refer you to an attorney.
Can you give me that contract?
Well, it's at my parents' house.
Mm.
Let's go, then!
I'm gonna close right now and let's
drive there and get that contract!
-What?
-You heard me.
-Let's go. Move it.
-Yeah! Road trip!
-Yay, let's all go to Ganghwa-do!
-[Gwang-ho] Come on.
What?
[relaxing music playing]
[Gwang-ho] Wah, I haven't been
to Ganghwa-do since we moved to Seoul.
[tongue clicks]
Young-woo was starting college,
so I think it was seven years maybe?
Geu-ra-mi, you moved to Seoul
around that time, right?
Yeah, once I graduated from high school.
What do you say?
How about we drive through downtown?
Hey, come on!
Want to swing by your high school?
What for?
I don't know. It's full of memories.
It could be fun to check it out.
Aren't you curious?
-I'm really not.
Oh.
-All right.
-The reeds are pretty.
[hums]
[Young-woo] My father decided
we should move to Ganghwa-do
because I was being bullied at school.
He hoped I would be better off
in a small school in the countryside.
[Gwang-ho] I've been told kids
are nicer here in the countryside.
You should be okay.
Things will be different than Seoul.
All right.
Now go straight to the teachers' room.
Your new lead teacher
will be waiting for you, all right?
-All right.
-Great. Go ahead.
[Young-woo] Being in the countryside
made no difference.
My classmates there called me a loser.
They came up with a prank to pull on me.
The "Oh, I'm sorry" prank
was the most popular.
-[splashes]
-[girl] Oh!
Oh, I'm sorry.
-[sighs]
-[tacks]
-[gasps]
-[exclaims]
-[laughter]
-I'm sorry.
-Why did you do that?
-[boy 1] Saw that?
[boy 2] Oh, she ate it.
[lunch lady] Enjoy.
Thank you, ma'am.
-[gasps]
-[clanking]
I'm sorry.
[laughter]
[Young-woo] I needed
a safe place within the school.
So during recess,
I would go to the teachers' room.
Oh, you scared me.
Shouldn't you be outside?
Is that chair comfortable for you?
Yes, I'm fine, ma'am.
[clinks]
[Young-woo] And during lunch breaks,
I would hide in the janitor's office.
[skids]
-Thank you, sir. I'm fine.
-[janitor slurping]
[Young-woo]
But no matter how much I kept hiding,
I had no way to avoid
what they were doing to me in class.
-[teacher] However, provincial officers…
-Hey! Here, pass.
…and the administrative subdivisions
managed to play a major role.
-Hey!
-In the end of the Joseon era,
provincial officers
-were much more powerful than before.
-[whispering] Do it!
-Come on!
-Make sure you memorize this.
It will definitely be on your next test.
Any questions?
[Young-woo] Yes, I have a question.
Go ahead.
Could you tell us the name of the doctor
that took care of your eye surgery?
[students giggling]
And did you get your inner corners done
in the same hospital?
Your students are eager to know that
because the result is amazing.
How much did you pay?
Your new eyes look great.
-[boy 1] So pretty!
-[girl 1] How much did it cost?
-[laughter]
-[thwacks]
-[all gasp]
-[chair clanks]
[girl 2] Wow, that's gold.
-[girl 3] That was amazing.
-[boy 2] See that?
-[boy 3] No way.
-[door opens]
-[deep breathing]
-[door closes]
Oh, I'm sorry.
I figure she wouldn't care
because you're the valedictorian.
[students giggling]
[marching drumroll]
[paper rustles]
YOUNG-WOO, ASK THE STUDENT TEACHER
WHERE SHE GOT HER EYES DONE
-[chattering]
-[thwacks]
Oh, I'm sorry.
I figured it wouldn't hurt you
because you're a pea brain.
What did you just say, you loony bitch?
"Loony," huh? Says the biatch
who will be reincarnated as a tambourine
so you'll get pounded on all day long!
-What?
-[boy 4] What's going on?
Are you two dating?
-[laughter]
-[boy 5] I bet they are.
[girl 4] You two are a great match.
[boy 6] Yeah, the loser
must be her new girlfriend.
[all screaming]
[Geu-ra-mi screaming]
Yeah, we're dating!
Listen, motherfuckers!
The loser and the loony are dating!
If any of you got a problem
with that, then speak now!
You assholes!
-[Young-woo] Everyone in our school…
-[Geu-ra-mi] Bastards!
…called Dong Geu-ra-mi a loony.
-Come on! Let's go! Come on!
-Stop! Stop, stop, stop, stop!
-How dare you?
-Stop!
-That's enough!
-Stop! Stop, that hurts a lot. Ouch!
You're skipping class to go to karaoke?
Geu-ra-mi, if you skip school
to do stupid karaoke
when you should be learning,
you'll be suspended.
-[teacher] Am I clear?
-I got you.
Show some respect, okay?
I want you to answer
in a proper way. Am I clear?
Yeah, for sure.
What? Answer in a proper way, all right?
Yeah, totally!
[disgruntled scream]
-You're such a…
-Ah!
So ecosystems consist
of biological factors
as well as other non-biological factors.
Well, biological factors are--
RESTRICTED AREA
AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY
[clicking]
[upbeat music playing]
[mic feedback]
However…
[upbeat music playing on PA]
-[giggling]
-What's that?
[Young-woo] Since she was forbidden
to go to the karaoke bar,
Geu-ra-mi decided to sing
from the school's PA system.
♪ Looking, looking, looking
I'm looking, looking at you, I miss you ♪
♪ Every day, you make me crazy
Even my soul goes crazy ♪
♪ Hooked, hooked, hooked
I'm hooked, hooked on you ♪
♪ My body is hooked on you
My body is hooked on you ♪
♪ Feel your senses react to my scent ♪
♪ Subtly wrapped around ♪
♪ You're a sexy shadow ♪
-♪ My heart was beating fine ♪
-[angry grunt]
-♪ Now it's all broken ♪
-Quiet down! Now!
♪ You make me crazy ♪
You little… I'll kill you for this!
Stay here! Don't you move!
Better all keep quiet! Don't move!
♪ Living foolishly
Foolishly, foolishly, foolishly ♪
♪ Foolishly, foolishly, foolishly
Makes me crazy ♪
-[cheering]
-[whooping]
BUS STOP
HWAMOON HIGH SCHOOL
[doors hiss open]
-[doors close]
-[engine revs]
[hums worriedly]
You're 33 minutes late to class.
What's the big deal?
I show up whenever I want.
[playful music playing]
Why are you following me?
[sniffles]
Hey, why are you following me?
When I'm around you, I feel safer.
What about me?
What's in it for me
if I hang out with you?
I could be your friend
since you've got zero friends.
[snickers]
Huh?
[laughs]
Wow!
Wait a minute.
[exhales]
What am I gonna do with you?
For real, though.
[Geu-ra-mi sighs]
Yo, no way! I never thought
I'd ever hear a loser say that to me.
[sucks teeth]
Yo.
Well, Geu-ra-mi, you've officially
heard it all, am I right?
[lips smack]
[chuckles]
Hey, move it! You just said we're late!
[playful music continues]
[dog barking]
-[engine turns off]
-[car door opens]
Syncy. Syncy. What's up, Nsync?
Oh, what's up, buddy?
[Geu-ra-mi] Aww, I missed you so much.
It's been a while.
[gate squeaks open]
GIFT CONTRACT
[deep inhale]
[Gwang-ho] Any thoughts?
Geu-ra-mi was totally right.
Dong Dong-sam signed a contract
that's very inequitable.
In particular, the clause specifying
that Dong Dong-sam is responsible
for all compensation tax payments.
There's clear intent
of unfair treatment here.
Does the contract have any flaws
you could argue or loopholes?
No. It does not. It's perfectly written.
The contract is legally valid.
[sighs]
But why did you agree
to this unfair contract?
It just happened.
I signed the agreement willingly.
My husband almost never says no
to his elder brothers.
He defers to them
more than to his parents.
I swear he believes
that their word is the law.
Listen. Did your brothers
intimidate you into signing the papers?
Oh, no. They would never.
My brothers aren't like that at all.
They both studied in Seoul.
They're well-spoken,
sophisticated men, not like me, you know.
-[blows raspberries]
-Hmm?
Oh, so sophisticated that they robbed
their youngest brother with a big fat lie.
[softly]
Quiet.
"A fat lie"? What kind of lie?
[Dong-sam] I mean…
My eldest brother told me
that was all according to these laws
called inheritance laws, which say that
the eldest gets more than the second,
who gets more than the youngest.
And we got to stick
to these inheritance laws.
Those were his words.
Tell me. Did Dong Cruise die before 1991?
Did Tom Cruise die…
Oh, my father, you mean.
I think he passed
exactly 20 years ago, so in 2001.
[lips smack]
So your brother's claim is incorrect.
The inheritance laws have been amended.
And the current law now says
that all children should receive
equal amounts of inheritance,
regardless of birth order,
gender, and marital status.
Ah, that's what I'm talking about.
This is my smart friend!
[sighs]
But Dong… Dong-il kept…
He kept talking
about these inheritance laws.
I… I would have never stamped
that contract with my seal, if I knew.
[Dong-sam groans]
[whale calls]
Hmm.
That's amazing!
Dong Dong-il lied about the law.
They were spurious in their description
which falls under deception.
-This person what?
-It's a false pretense.
-A pre what?
-Pre.
This can legally be defined as acting
in order to lead someone to accept
as true or valid what is false or invalid.
That's right. In other words, it's
like cheating. It's like fraud, right?
-Ah!
-[chuckles]
As per Civil Code, Article 110,
you can retract your expression of intent
caused by compulsion
or a fraudulent claim.
Dong Dong-il's statements
about inheritance laws, that's fraudulent!
But also, Dong Dong-sam is pressured
to agree with his elder brothers.
Therefore, that qualifies
for compulsion as well, in my opinion.
As a result, this contract
can be rendered unenforceable.
[relieved sigh]
But…
Do I really need to press charges
against my elder brothers?
Not "press charges."
That's only in criminal cases.
Here, you will just file
a complaint in civil court.
[exhales]
What's wrong?
Is there something that we need to know?
It's just… Then…
I do have to bring them to court, in front
of a judge and all that stuff, right?
[exasperated sigh]
Come on, Dong Dong-sam, really?
Wake up! When are you going
to come to your senses?
You've been through enough!
You plan on just giving
all of that money up,
and then spend the rest of your life
paying off the debt together?
You need to learn respect.
Stop it. You know
our daughter's right about this.
You're protecting your brothers
and what about the three of us?
I'll do it, okay?
I will sue them, if I have to.
What do I do? Where do we go from here?
Young-woo, will you be my attorney?
[Gwang-ho] Yes, of course, she will.
It's not some random case.
Geu-ra-mi's like family, right?
Right?
That's right! The father
of your only friend was duped into poverty
by his no-good brothers
and you're gonna help us out, right?
I can't take the case.
I'm no longer an attorney. I resigned.
But I'll gladly refer you
to another attorney.
What?
Young-woo…
[deep breath]
[gasps]
Gosh, this is huge!
[Young-woo] Yeah, it's pretty bad.
-Careful of the revolving door.
-All right.
[Geu-ra-mi] Careful about what?
Looks good to me.
Oh, excuse me! Oh!
Right this way.
[sharp exhale]
Ah, found it! "Jung Myeong-seok."
[Young-woo] You should knock,
before you go in.
-Wait, knock? I didn't do that.
-[knocks]
Oh!
There's no one.
[Geu-ra-mi] He's not in here.
Hmm. Then go to the litigation office.
Lee Jun-ho should be in there.
Go where?
[gentle music playing]
Hey, how will I know who's Lee Jun-ho?
There's a gazillion people in here.
[Young-woo] Um…
Lee Jun-ho is, um…
They all know who he is.
Right. Come on, could you tell me
what the man looks like?
Well, well, he is… He's quite tall.
He's quite tall.
He's handsome too.
-We need to get his phone records.
-Mm-hmm.
All right, got it. See you.
[Jun-ho] No problem.
[sniffles]
Any texts or phone calls
from the last three months or so--
[Geu-ra-mi] Mr. Lee Jun-ho?
I'm Lee Jun-ho. Can I help you?
Seriously?
-Yeah.
-Uh…
-I'm off. Handle that, please.
-[Jun-ho] Of course.
So how can I help you?
[exhales]
Young-woo said I should find you.
-Sorry?
-Young-woo. Woo Young-woo.
-Atty. Woo told you to come to the office?
-Yeah, we're friends.
How is Atty. Woo doing? You spoke to her?
[sneaky music playing]
Good. She's doing good.
Uh, initially, Young-woo told me
to go to Jung Myeong-seok's office.
But there was no one there.
Ah! Atty. Jung just finished his meeting.
-Jung Myeong-seok?
-Have you seen Jun-ho?
-[Jun-ho] Ah!
-Ah, here you are.
[trivial music playing]
-[clinking]
-[whimpers]
[gasps]
[nervous breathing]
Here you go, sir. Crabmeat gimbap.
-[Young-woo] Enjoy your meal.
-Thanks.
[chopsticks clink]
Um, I mean, technically…
-it's gimbap, but not crabmeat.
-Huh?
Crabmeat gimbap are made
with crab-flavored meat,
and then the main ingredient
in crab-flavored meat
is pollack, not crab.
That's why crabmeat gimbap
should actually be called
crab-flavored meat gim--
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm extremely sorry.
Come on. Come. Let's go.
That's my opinion.
Stop saying unnecessary things, would you?
-[phone vibrates]
-Uh…
Come on, helper, answer.
Huh?
What's going on?
Yeah. I'm with Mr. Myeong-seok right…
uh, with Atty. Myeong-seok right now,
and he declined.
-What?
-[Geu-ra-mi] He won't take on my case.
I didn't refuse to take on your case.
I told you that your chances
of winning in court are very low.
That's what I said.
Why did he decline?
Who knows?
He says we'll lose. He's annoying.
Did you tell him the contract
is voidable due to compulsion
and fraudulent claim?
Dong Dong-il also deceived your dad.
There's a compul…
[hesitant exhale]
Based on Civil Code, Article 110.
Civ Code.
Civil Code won't work.
It won't work. Civil Code won't work.
That's what he said.
-Why?
-Woo Young-woo is an attorney.
-"Woo Young-woo is an attorney."
-She's new to this job.
-"She's new to this job."
-"And she's lacking experience."
-Huh?
[sighs]
Well, let me put you on speaker.
WOO YOUNG-WOO YOUNG-WOO
-Hello, Atty. Woo.
-[Young-woo] Hey.
Listen, Attorney. I've been working
at Hanbada for 14 years.
And you know what honestly
surprises and perplexes me the most?
Mm…
The revolving door?
What?
Papers…
[snickers]
[clacking]
[exhales]
It's the papers, Ms. Woo. The papers
stamped with a seal by this client.
A law school degree is not enough
to envision the challenges
you'll face should you try to void this.
Dong Dong-sam seal-stamped the agreement.
Yet we can still void it for deception
and compulsion from his brothers,
as per Civil Code, Article 110.
-Could you prove it?
-What?
Tell me how deception
and compulsion can be proven.
Mm?
If you wanna take it on, you'll have
to come back to the office in person.
I don't have time to handle this case.
I'm busy. Goodbye.
You really hung up.
Huh? Um…
Mm? Mm.
What was that all about?
Shouldn't you stop by the office?
Uh…
I need to have a meeting with him now.
[Gwang-ho] Here.
Oh, you already…
Hurry up. Let's go.
Come on. Here.
-All right. Hurry.
-Good.
Well, then, I'll see you later.
Your apron.
-[gasps]
-Careful.
Enjoy your…
-Who's that?
-Young-woo's friend.
Enjoy your meal.
[Geu-ra-mi slurps]
[running footsteps]
Ah!
♪ Woo to the Young to the Woo ♪
♪ Dong to the Geu to the Ra-mi ♪
[both in unison]
Ha!
Atty. Woo, you're hungry?
I'm not.
"Woo Young-woo Gimbap"?
I didn't know you opened up
your own restaurant. That's a great apron.
Please understand. Dong Dong-sam will die
with debts if we don't void this contract.
[Young-woo] I can't let the father
of my only friend go broke
because his elder brothers
manipulated this man.
If you still refuse
to take on my friend's case,
I'll ask Atty. Kwon
or Atty. Choi to help her.
Choi Su-yeon and Kwon Min-woo
won't win this case for your friend.
I already warned you that we'd lose
if this case goes to court.
I advise you to be responsible.
Defend it yourself.
But I'm no longer…
an attorney because I resigned
a few days ago.
[sighs]
I'd like to know why
you're no longer an attorney with us.
You know we're all working together.
We've been working
as a team for months now.
Why would you just abandon us this way?
Sending a resignation letter
without even giving a reason?
Since I didn't get a reason
for your resignation,
how could I even process it?
[Myeong-seok] So, listen, Ms. Woo, you're
still an attorney at Hanbada Law Firm.
You've taken a lot of time off lately
with no prior notice.
I'll excuse myself from the table.
-[Myeong-seok] That's fine.
-Sorry.
This is an urgent situation,
so, Atty. Woo, you'll get
on this case right away.
I'll be present in court with you
as a senior attorney,
but I'm only observing, okay?
I won't be assisting
or helping in any way.
You and I will talk
about your resignation after.
[gentle music playing]
[chuckles]
-[revolving door rotates]
-[footsteps]
Attorney Woo, one second!
[snickers]
[exhales]
Uh, I wanted to tell you
that I really missed you
and our whale talk during lunch.
Oh. Okay.
[pensive hum]
And, uh, I wondered,
did you happen to stop by your office?
I put something on your desk.
I hope that you liked it.
[Jun-ho chuckles]
Ah, a box?
Yeah, a box.
Uh, did you open it?
I just threw it away.
I had no idea
it was a gift from you, actually.
Ah…
Is that so?
Uh…
[tongue clicks]
Straight to the trash.
[Geu-ra-mi] Young-woo!
-Ready?
-Yeah.
Goodbye, Jun-ho.
[gentle music playing]
[sighs]
[judge] Plaintiff's attorney,
you may question the defendant.
The defendant told my client,
"Let's split it this way.
The eldest gets more than the second,
and the second
gets more than the youngest."
That's what the defendant said.
Is this correct?
Yes.
When my client hesitated,
the defendant said,
"The inheritance laws say
the eldest gets more than the second,
who gets more than the youngest."
"And I consulted an attorney who has
a lot of expertise in these matters."
That's what the defendant said.
Is this correct?
That's not true.
At least I don't remember.
[uneasy music playing]
Please, sir. In your testimony,
you must tell the truth.
Committing perjury is punished by law.
-[button clicks]
-Objection!
The plaintiff's attorney
is threatening my client
based on incorrect interpretation
of the law.
[sharp exhale]
"Incorrect interpretation of the law"?
My client is both the witness
and defendant in the case.
As a result, my client
cannot commit perjury
or be punished even if he makes
a false statement.
We're in the Supreme Court.
Haven't you done your homework?
Is the defendant's attorney admitting
that his client just made
a false statement and committed perjury?
I did not. I'm asking you
to stop threatening my client
with incorrect interpretations of the law.
This court can impose a fine for perjury
even if the witness
is also the defendant in this case.
As per Civil Code, Article 370, Section 1.
Or haven't you done your homework?
Oh, please.
-[snickers]
-[judge] All right, settle down.
Defendant, whether or not
you can be punished for perjury,
you're in front of a court,
you must tell the truth. Am I clear?
Yes.
[judge] I will ask you one more time.
"Inheritance laws say the eldest
gets more than the second
who gets more than the youngest.
I consulted an attorney."
Tell me. Were those
your words to the plaintiff?
[uneasy music playing]
No, they weren't.
Oh, come on, Uncle, you're such a liar!
[judge] Sit down, please.
Mr. Dong Dong-i, you were present
during this incident, correct?
Is your elder brother telling the truth?
-Come on, Uncle!
-I will have order.
[judge] Another outburst, and you'll
be removed from the courtroom.
Mr. Dong Dong-i, answer my question.
All the talk about law…
I was there.
It never happened.
[sorrowful music playing]
My elder brother's telling the truth.
[judge] Plaintiff, I can tell
that the terms of this contract
worked to your disadvantage.
However, you need to be able to prove
that this expression of intent
was due to fraudulent claims
and compulsion.
-[deep inhale]
-[judge] Bring me some evidence.
[Dong-i] Did bringing us
to court made you happy?
There's more to life than money.
If our dearly departed parents saw this,
they'd be rolling in their graves!
[disgruntled exhale]
[Geu-ra-mi] What the hell?
That would be awesome
if they were alive again!
Hey, hey, shush!
Is there something
that we could use as proof?
[Myeong-seok] Uh, threatening texts
or phone conversations
you may have recorded?
Or how about a witness
who may have seen or heard anything.
There's no proof.
They both just showed up out of nowhere,
and I stamped the document.
Someone was there.
The head of the village
could have overheard you.
Jin-hyeok?
Jin-hyeok left when my brothers arrived.
Jin-hyeok is not the kind
that leaves right away, right?
I bet he was curious
about what you were talking about.
You're right.
Jin-hyeok is not
the kind of guy that leaves, is he?
He's more likely to listen in on us.
[clanging]
[Dong-sam] Jin-hyeok!
Jin-hyeok?
-[Jin-hyeok] Sam, is that you?
-[Dong-sam] Yes.
[Jin-hyeok] Oh!
Hey, Sam--
[Dong-sam] You remember that day
when you came over to fix our roof, right?
[Jin-hyeok] Yes, I do.
And then, you couldn't finish the work
because my brothers arrived?
That's right.
Well, that day,
did you pack your tools and leave?
What?
I mean, didn't you stay around?
Didn't you listen to…
to our conversation?
Please. Tell us
that you were eavesdropping.
What kind of person do you think I am?
I don't just go around eavesdropping, huh?
[all sigh]
[sighs]
[exhales]
My shoelaces,
they came untied just as I was leaving
and I happened to overhear some things.
Listen, Sam. Your roof is fine.
Your problem is that
you need some soundproofing.
Right. Tell me.
What did you overhear?
Did you hear us talk about
inheritance law, stuff like that? Did you?
Ah, when I heard that,
I almost had a heart attack.
Don't you watch TV?
How are you so easily fooled?
-Thank you! Hey, thank you so much!
-[Jin-hyeok] Great.
-Oh, thank you! Thank you!
-[all giggling]
Listen.
I'm so grateful
for you retying your laces.
-It's no problem, Sam.
-[Young-woo] Right.
[Jin-hyeok] Yes, have some. Don't be shy.
[Dong-sam] That's a long way
back to Seoul. Be safe, okay?
-We will. Thank you! Bye!
-Okay, goodbye.
Goodbye, Atty. Woo.
-We'll keep you posted.
-[Dong-sam] Yes, thank you.
Okay.
Ah!
I'm gonna spend the night here,
hang out with my Mom and Dad.
-That's great!
-Really?
Sounds good.
Mm-hmm.
Wait!
Hey!
When you drive home, stop at Nakjo.
-The sunset is awesome there.
-Huh?
Ganghwa-do dates. Nakjo, all right?
I'm leaving you guys alone.
What?
Let's go, let's go. You got this.
Whoo! Whoo!
Ah!
[Geu-ra-mi squeals]
[clears throat]
That was my first time to Ganghwa-do.
Hmm?
Okay.
Do you have anything pressing
you need to do today?
No, I don't have any plans.
So, um…
how about we go see the sunset?
Hmm? Hmm…
[pleasant music playing]
The Indo-Pacific finless porpoise
is a type of whale
that's found in the Yellow Sea.
It lives in shallow waters.
This type of whale is famous
for its unique stubby snout
and its bumps on its back
are narrow and pretty.
It's cute because you look at its face,
it's always smiling.
Did you ever get
to observe a whale in person?
-I never got to do that.
-Oh, really?
You should go to an aquarium.
Aquariums are just prisons
for those poor whales.
They're treated like slaves there.
They're trapped in small tanks
where they must do these shows
all year long with no days off,
and they eat frozen fish!
Dolphins have an average
life expectancy of 40 years,
yet in an aquarium,
they can only last four years.
They're so stressed in the aquarium,
it drives them crazy.
Uh, no, I didn't. I'm…
I wasn't aware.
[exhales]
I've heard that in Daejeong,
near Seogwipo,
there are Sampal, Chunsam, and Boksun
and they frequently swim there
with their baby dolphins.
It must be so nice to see them like that.
Sampal and Chunsam and Boksun, right?
[Young-woo] Yeah. These are
Indo-Pacific bottlenose dolphins.
They were released
back into the sea of Jeju,
thanks to a Supreme Court ruling.
They used to be jailed
in a dolphin show aquarium.
And one day,
I'll watch them in their habitat.
[merry music playing]
Listen, Atty. Woo.
I'd like to ask you something.
Why did you make the decision
to resign from being an attorney?
Ah.
I was worried that the last case
we worked on caused you to resign.
And I was thinking constantly
of all those mistakes my friend made
while we're investigating
the scene of the incident.
Believe me. I felt terrible.
Even when working on a case
as Atty. Woo Young-woo…
[exhales]
…I just feel as if I am still only
autistic Woo Young-woo in everyone's eyes.
Autistic Woo Young-woo
is always going to be weak.
If I'm on your team, you'll lose.
That's why I'd rather remove myself now.
[Jun-ho] I wanna be
on your team, Atty. Woo.
I would hope that maybe you…
wanted to be on my team as well.
[romantic music playing]
There's something I'd like
to talk to you about.
Sure, go ahead.
Yeah, uh, will Atty. Woo
be receiving a penalty for what happened?
"A penalty"?
She's been taking time off
without giving notice for a while.
I know today she didn't come in.
-[deep inhale]
-[Min-woo] It's unsettling for me to watch
as she's allowed to only take
on the cases she wants.
And meanwhile, she doesn't seem to adhere
to the basic attendance policies.
[lips smack]
Well, I hear you. Uh, however…
this was due to a temporary situation
since I was not able to process
her resignation letter as it was.
Whichever way this goes,
I'll process it shortly.
I would like to know
why her resignation hasn't been processed.
Well sir, of course,
Atty. Woo's disability creates
certain considerations.
You'd probably give her special treatment.
-However--
-That's not special treatment.
Atty. Woo really does
a great job, in my opinion.
Uh, her tenacious approach
on each case is powerful.
Plus, she's great
at thinking out of the box.
[Myeong-seok sighs]
If you take a closer look,
I'm sure you'll end up learning
a few things, thanks to her.
Our coworkers help us improve every day.
Right? That's how you grow.
Yes.
WITNESS
[judge] Plaintiff's attorney,
you may question the witness.
[footsteps]
When the defendants came over
to my client's house,
you suddenly stopped
fixing the roof that day.
Can you tell us if you went home
right away after you did that?
I didn't.
Could you please let us know
what you did next?
Then I sat on a stone out front
and tied my shoes.
[Young-woo] Mm. While you
were tying your shoes,
could you hear what my client
and the defendants were saying
inside the house?
I could not.
Sorry?
I heard nothing.
[uneasy music playing]
Wait, you couldn't hear them?
How could I hear anything?
I was on the patio, and Dong-sam
and his brothers were inside.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Witness, when my client
asked you the same question earlier,
you definitely said
you had heard their conversation.
Why is your answer different in court?
When Dong-sam brought this up,
I could tell he wanted me to say that,
and, yeah, he wanted me to say
I overheard their conversation.
But I didn't hear anything, you know?
[rustling]
[Jin-hyeok] I didn't.
No further questions.
[dramatic music playing]
Oh!
Hey!
Calm down with that beer!
What kind of waitress
drinks out of a customer's glass?
-[glass clacks]
-[exhales]
You know my friend doesn't drink alcohol.
I'm the one boosting your sales here,
not you. You know it's true.
Sorry, would you like another glass?
No, thanks. I'm fine.
[Geu-ra-mi] I'm going nuts!
I mean, are they all liars or what?
I mean, what's wrong with this world
where only liars live the dream
and climb the golden ladder?
I'm sorry.
I never imagined people
would be bold enough
to lie under oath in front of a court.
I can't believe I didn't have
solid evidence in this case.
"Evidence"?
[scoffs]
How are you supposed to find evidence
that doesn't exist?
Too bad we had no video cameras
at my parents' house.
Ugh, evidence is everything!
I wish I could make some up!
Ugh, I can't even!
Mm.
You'd make up some evidence?
[whale calls]
[air blows]
[squeaking]
[sloshes]
[clacks]
-[loud knocking]
-[Geu-ra-mi] Grandfather! Yo!
-It's your favorite granddaughter!
-Oh, I think that's Geu-ra-mi.
-Honey.
-[knocking continues]
-[Geu-ra-mi] Grandfather!
-[door opens]
-Hey, yo, Auntie.
-Oh, no. You reek of alcohol, sweetie.
I can't believe you allowed
this kind of behavior.
Mm! Grandpa Cruise, I'm here!
Your fave granddaughter!
My lovely grandpa's got
the celebrity name, yeah?
Ah, there you are. What's the good word?
It's your grandfather's memorial.
You should be ashamed.
-[dramatic gasp]
-[bottle clacks]
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Two bows!
I apologize.
[giggles]
I've never seen such sloppy behavior.
Like father, like daughter.
[Geu-ra-mi inhales]
That is so like my uncle.
Mr. "I'm so smart" Dong Dong-il.
The reverence I have for you,
it's unreal, man, huh?
You are like my life coach!
I mean, that's what
the inheritance law says, okay?
And we got to stick to the law, right?
You pretended
that you consulted an attorney
who's an expert in these matters.
But when you were in court, you were like,
"Oh, I don't recall. I'm sorry."
[cackles, claps]
Bravo! Bravo! Wow!
-Bravo! Come on, everyone!
-[clapping]
How about we just don't care, huh?
Dong Dong-il does it!
My bumass uncle does it!
Oh, yeah! And you made five billion!
-Yay!
-That's enough!
-Have you completely lost your mind?
-[gasps]
Boo-boo. I'm so sorry.
"All that my elder brother says is true.
[Geu-ra-mi] All that
my elder brother says is true.
I am my brother's little puppy."
[barks]
I say, "Lie!" You say, "Ar!"
Lie! Ar!
Oh, come on!
Dong Dong-sam!
Get your daughter out of here!
Why would I?
Did Geu-ra-mi say something wrong?
-Dong-sam!
-[Geu-ra-mi] You scammed my dad!
You two figured you'd steal
that money from my father.
Because he's only a rice farmer,
he has no clue, huh?
You underestimated my father
and treated him like he's ignorant.
With papers for a 10 billion compensation,
5 for you, and 3 for you,
and you're happy!
But my dad is left
with a debt of a quarter million.
What kind of scam
inheritance law is that, Uncle?
Is that a shit contract?
-You son of a bitch!
-[thwacks]
[gasp in surprise]
Are you all right? Are you okay? Huh?
You think you can hit my daughter!
Who do you think you are?
Really? You dare speak to me like that?
I sure do, jackass!
You two think you're behaving
like older brothers?
Asshole, it's our father's memorial,
and you're ruining it!
-Come on, hit me!
-Dong-i! Stop!
-[Dong-sam] Hit me, you asshole!
-I'll show you!
[thwacks]
[objects clatter]
-[thwacks]
-[thuds]
[screaming]
Yes? Listen, officer.
Yes, it's urgent. I'm with my family.
My brother-in-laws are beating us up!
Right! And my daughter! Oh, my god!
[grunting]
[bailiff] Everyone, please rise.
[door closes]
You may now sit.
[button clicks]
Plaintiff, are you injured?
I am.
Is your daughter injured as well?
Correct, Your Honor.
I will submit a police report as evidence
concerning the injuries suffered
by both my client and his daughter.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Recently, both defendants assaulted
my client and his daughter as well.
The victims suffered injuries
that will take them two weeks
and one week for a complete recovery.
I'll also submit
the victims' medical reports,
the police report and transcript
of the call made during the assault
will also be added as evidence.
Objection, Your Honor.
[Byeong-ju] This trial
is about the gift contract
between the plaintiff and the defendants.
These medical and police reports
are irrelevant to this case.
Of course, the reports are relevant.
In civil law,
there is one particular situation
in which a gift contract can be voided.
That's why it's relevant.
Part 1 of the Civil Code,
Article 556, Paragraph 1.
"In the event
that the donee commits a crime
against the donor
or the donor's immediate family,
the donor has the right
to cancel the gift contract."
The defendants are the donees
have assaulted my client,
who is the donor,
and Ms. Dong Geu-ra-mi,
his immediate family member.
The assault was carried out by two people.
Punishment of Violence Act applies here.
Namely Article Two, Paragraph Two
of Punishment of Violence.
As a result, my client
prefers to cancel the gift contract
he had signed with the defendants.
[victorious music playing]
So do you wish to modify
your claim in this case?
We wish to keep our initial claim
that is canceling the expression of intent
under compulsion and fraudulent claims.
But we'd like to add
the gift contract revocation
since we can use
the Punishment of Violence Act
in this case.
And we request the gift contract
revocation as the primary claim.
[Byeong-ju] Objection!
It's obvious that this whole assault
was part of a strategy to void
the gift contract.
[both gasp]
Do you have evidence to support that?
[thrilling music playing]
[judges] I approve the changes
requested on the claim.
And the court will render its decision
in light of the evidence
the plaintiff has presented.
[sighs]
What happened? Tell me you have a plan.
I'm afraid we're screwed.
Great job.
You've never been
in the main meeting room?
No, but today's meeting
is not in the main room.
Why do you want us to go there?
-I don't understand.
-Ah.
That's because I have
a surprise for you, okay?
[breeze blows]
[Young-woo] Mm!
[door closes]
This view is incredible!
The surprise is behind you, Atty. Woo.
[gasps]
[majestic music playing]
It's, uh…
[whale calls]
-[knocks on door]
-[doorknob clanks]
[sighs]
[door closes]
Dong-sam.
[exhales]
I apologize.
[Dong-i] We are so sorry.
We beg for your forgiveness.
To tell you the truth…
[deep inhale]
…we may look like things are going well.
But…
[sucks teeth]
…the debts I have built up
over the years are crippling.
And Dong-i's barely keeping
a roof over his head.
[weeps]
[Dong-il] So when I heard
the compensation will be in the billions,
I really can't explain it, but…
But any feeling of gratitude was gone,
and a void filled its place.
Splitting it with you two felt wrong
and paying the tax felt like a waste.
So I…
So I came up with this awful idea.
Geu-ra-mi, dear, you must be in pain.
It's unforgivable. I'm sorry.
Okay, good.
Get up and take a seat, okay?
[deep inhale]
[grunts]
[sighs]
According to my attorney,
based on civil law,
I can keep the ten billion.
Mm.
We'd be free from financial stress
for the rest of our lives.
Especially Geu-ra-mi.
A father's dream
is to leave wealth for his children.
So do it.
I deserve the wealth.
[emotional music playing]
Unlike the two of you, I won't do that.
Why be greedy about something
that originally wasn't mine?
I know our mom and dad
would want me to share with you two.
[weeping]
After taxes have been removed,
we'll divide equally between us.
That's what I'm proposing.
What do you say?
[deep breath]
I appreciate it, Dong-sam.
We will be forever in your debt.
We did a financial simulation.
There are taxes due on the first payment
made to Dong Dong-sam
for the ten billion compensation.
And more taxes due at the split
when Dong Dong-il and Dong Dong-i
will each receive their share
of the compensation.
After all taxes are paid
from the ten billion,
there will be 6 billion
and 4 million left to share.
With a margin of errors on these numbers,
the simulation shows that Dong Dong-il,
Dong Dong-i, and Dong Dong-sam
will each receive
two billion approximately
if all parties agreed to that.
Yes, thank you so much.
Yeah. Thank you, Dong-sam.
It's all in this contract.
Review it, then sign, and seal-stamp it
at your earliest convenience.
[tranquil music playing]
PLAINTIFF: DONG DONG-SAM
Look at my tat.
Hmm?
[Geu-ra-mi] It's the law that saved
my family from being screwed.
I'll remember this forever.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, Young-woo!
Look at that.
My baby is a full-on adult now.
You're awesome. My little one, I love you.
Okay.
[merry humming]
[knocks on door]
Yes, please come in.
[door closes]
How are you, Atty. Jung?
Did you already process my resignation?
I was just about to get to that.
Then, Atty. Jung, would you allow me
to resume working here as an attorney?
Suit yourself.
Okay.
Wait one second.
I won't be able to approve
any more time off
since you took all your days recently.
Mm.
But I hadn't accrued any days off yet.
[pleasant music playing]
[sighs]
She always gets the final say.
ATTORNEY WOO YOUNG-WOO
HANBADA LAW FIRM
A FEW MONTHS AGO
How are you, Gwang-ho?
It's been a while, right?
Han Seon-young?
[rain pouring]
Your daughter…
she applied to Hanbada after graduating?
She did.
How could you possibly know
that she applied?
Hanbada is different, right?
The firm's CEO personally reviews
the applications now?
[chuckles]
Uh, you got me there.
I was absent during recruitment.
By then, they had
already rejected your daughter.
They don't know how to spot talent.
Oh…
Hanbada is ready to welcome her now.
Uh, but her application has been declined.
The recruitment process
isn't already over?
I just told you.
That was a mistake from my HR Department
while I was busy working
on something else.
I mean, your daughter
graduated summa cum laude
from Seoul's best law school
and got a perfect score on her Bar Exam.
If Hanbada declines her application,
then who's gonna hire her, huh?
Seon-young.
My daughter is certainly smart.
She's also autistic.
That's why she's had such a tough time
getting hired ever since she graduated.
I know that.
All the other firms who passed
have made a huge mistake as well.
[emotional music playing]
Thank you! That was great!
Oh, you don't need to walk me out.
-I'm fine.
-All right.
-Seon-young.
-What?
You're so kind.
What? I'm not being kind.
I'm honored to hire her.
-All right. Uh, good night! See you, huh?
-Good night, Thanks!
-Take care.
-[Seon-young] Yeah, I'll call you soon.
[exhales]
THE FIRST AUTISTIC ATTORNEY
OF THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA,
WOO YOUNG-WOO
You look just like your mother.
[mysterious music playing]
[bright music playing]
I want those Geumgang jerks
to learn their lesson.
-What hard work? The hard work…
-Can you tell which one of them
-is not telling the truth?
-Stare right into their third eye.
Rubbing your thighs with your hands
makes it seem like you're lying.
Most importantly,
don't scratch the tip of your nose.
You'll look like Pinocchio.
[Min-woo] It seems to me like
you never solve a case quietly, do you?
You're more like Wild Card Woo Young-woo.
-You're Tactician Kwon Min-woo!
-[Min-woo] I'm a "tactician"?
Cham Cham Cham demands the truth.
Lee Jun-ho likes Atty. Woo Young-woo.
Is this true?